Starting area:

    You wake up from what seems to be an arduous but restful sleep. Having navigated the vageries of last night's nightmarish events, you step
    out of the cave that sheltered you from the elements of mother nature. Outside, the cool, crisp winter air fills your lungs with oxygen. It's 
    snowing now, a white fog surrounds the cave. To your left, a forest inhabitated by skeleton-like pine trees, footsteps can be seen in the snow,
    heading in that direction. To your right, your snow mobile.

Decision - Snow mobile:

    Walking over to the snow mobile, you see the key still in the ignition. Are you sure you want to give up your search?

    Decision - YES:

        Taking one last look at the forest, you come to the conclusion that maybe you're better off saving your own skin. Live to fight another
        day, that's what Dad would say. You start the ignition, and drive off into the clearing of trees from whence you came. A ghastly shriek
        can be heard directly behind you. You shed a tear and close your eyes, as you already know how this ends.

        *Somekind of monster sound should play: https://youtu.be/05ShtEhMKJQ?t (0:00-0:22)

    Decision - NO:

        To your left, a forest inhabitated by skeleton-like pine trees, footsteps can be seen in the snow,
        heading in that direction.

Decision - Forest:

    Walking in the direction of the forest, you stop right in front of the footprints. The trail leads on, deeper into the waking wood. Rustling
    can be heard from a thicket of bushes close by. Suddenly, a shadowy figure leaps out of the of shrubs! You fall back on your rear in shock!
    Collecting your composure, you see that it's a golden retriever. It gives you a nice friendly sniff on your left hand, and then a lick.

    DOGGO HAS BECOME YOUR COMPANION

    Standing back up on your feet, you are ready to follow the trail. To your right, the footprints continue. To your left, DOGGO.

Decision - DOGGO (1):

    You look at DOGGO and give him a nice friendly pat on the head.

    DOGGO HAS BEEN PET.

    To your right, the footprints continue. To your left, DOGGO.

        Decision - DOGGO (2):

            You look at DOGGO again and give him a nice friendly pat on the head.

            DOGGO HAS BEEN PET.

            To your right, the footprints continue. To your left, DOGGO.

            Decision - DOGGO (3):

                You look at DOGGO once more and reach out to give him a nice friendly pat on the head. He avoids your hand. DOGGO no longer
                requires anymore pets.

                To your right, the footprints continue.

Decision - Footprints:

    You travel further into the forest. The downpour of snow seeming to cease the further you follow the footprints. Suddenly, it is silent.
    The snow has ceased to fall. And the opacity from the snow starts to clear. As your field of vision increases, you see a faint figure,
    directly 10 feet in front of you.

    *Insert battle noise

BATTLE:

    The image of the figure renders as it comes closer. It's... MAGIC MAN! You're sworn nemesis!

    *Insert fight music

    *Insert fight options